Koby izunaso GitHub miscellany (#121)
comp129/comp55: docs/labs/3-Debug.md

so you can get a faster way to view important details about an object,
```toString``` works both in the console and in the debugger.

> ### Finding the joy in Debugging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Finding the Joy in Debugging
```

The developers who excel at fixing problems in their code see debugging
as a puzzle to solve and actually like finding and fixing errors more
than writing new code.

> Debugging is basically about solving problems. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Debugging is basically about solving problems.
```

It involves figuring out what's wrong,
understanding how different parts of the code work together,

> and making everything work smoothly again. Just like any challenge,
> debugging has its difficulties, but when you successfully fix the issues,
> it feels really rewarding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and making everything work smoothly again.
Just like any challenge, debugging has its difficulties,
but when you successfully fix the issues, it feels really rewarding.
```

It involves thinking creatively and having a good overall understanding of the code.

> Every time developers debug, they have a chance to learn something new.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every time you debug, *you have a chance to learn something new*.
```

> It helps them understand the system better, discover new tools,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Debugging helps you understand the system better, discover new tools,
```

> and improve their problem-solving skills.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and improve your problem-solving skills.
```
